Data guideline for initial versions (#7485)
mdn/browser-compat-data: schemas/compat-data-schema.md

- `chrome`, Google Chrome (on desktops)
- `chrome_android`, Google Chrome (on Android)

> - `edge`, MS Edge (on Windows), based on the EdgeHTML version, and later on Chromium versions

Reviewer: suggestions: un-abbreviate Microsoft, use singular "version" in both cases, and describe the demarcation between EdgeHTML and Chromium

```suggestion
- `edge`, Microsoft Edge (on Windows), based on the EdgeHTML version (before version 79), and later on the Chromium version
```

}
```

### Initial versions

> The following table indicates initial versions for browsers in BCD. These are the earliest possible version numbers allowed to be used. These are not naturally "1" or "1.0" as explained in the notes column.

Reviewer: I was slightly confused by the wording of the last sentence here. Does this still capture what you were getting at?

```suggestion
The following table indicates initial versions for browsers in BCD. These are the earliest possible version numbers allowed to be used. When the earliest version is not not naturally "1" or "1.0", see the _Notes_ column for an explanation.
```

| Browser          | Initial version | Notes                                                                                                                      |
| ---------------- | --------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Chrome           | 1               |                                                                                                                            |

> | Chrome Android   | 18              | First stable release started at 18. No Chrome Android 17 or earlier was ever released.                                     |

Reviewer: suggestion: fussy wordsmithing

```suggestion
| Chrome Android   | 18              | Stable versioning started at 18. No Chrome Android 17 or earlier was ever released.                                     |
```

> | Edge             | 12              | EdgeHTML, continuation of IE 11 (another initial version is Edge 79 when Edge switched to Chromium).                       |

Reviewer: suggestion: this is kinda complicated and I think being wordier here might help?

```suggestion
| Edge             | 12              | EdgeHTML versioning started at 12, continuing from Internet Explorer 11. After version 18, Edge jumped to version 79, synchronizing with the Chromium versioning scheme. |
```

| Firefox          | 1               |                                                                                                                            |

> | Firefox Android  | 4               | First stable release started at 4. Earlier non-Android mobile versions are ignored.                                        |

Reviewer: suggestion: consistency with above

```suggestion
| Firefox Android  | 4               | Stable versioning started at 4. Earlier non-Android mobile versions are ignored.                                        |
```

| IE               | 1               |                                                                                                                            |

> | Node.js          | 0.1.100         | Subject to change to `0.10.0` which is the first stable version (LTS status was retrospectively applied). See issue #6861. |

Reviewer: suggestion: wordsmithing to avoid the whole retrospective bit

(Technically, Node.js awards LTS status after an even version has shipped and has proven to be reliable after a few months—it doesn't get it immediately. It's a bit of detail I didn't want to have to explain in the doc.)

Also, I removed the backticks on the versions here because they weren't used elsewhere in the table, but I wouldn't mind seeing them reintroduced throughout.

```suggestion
| Node.js          | 0.1.100         | Subject to change to 0.10.0. This project selected 0.10.0 as the first release primarily because the `0.10`-series releases was the first have LTS status applied. See issue #6861. |
```

> | Opera            | 2               | Opera 1 was demoed at a conference, but never publicly released.                                                           |

Reviewer: suggestion: consistency with other suggestions

```suggestion
| Opera            | 2               | Stable versioning started at 2. Opera 1 was demoed at a conference, but never publicly released.                                                           |
```

> | Opera Android    | 10.1            | First stable release started at 10.1.                                                                                      |

Reviewer: suggestion: consistency with other suggestions

```suggestion
| Opera Android    | 10.1            | Stable versioning started at 10.1.                                                                                      |
```
